everyone Cuba cane 77-year from the
Android creed syndicate team here to do
a video showing you how to unroot your
samsung epic 4g touch i'm here this is
my samsung epic 4g but i'm going to show
you guys the process that needs that you
need to go through i can actually do it
to my phone but i can show you the exact
process and what you're going to need to
do basically you're going to need to use
odin as just like you did when you
rooted it but go ahead and click on the
link in the description of the video
takes you to the Android creative
syndicate forum as you can see big
thanks to bubby 323 for this stock
restore colonel stock eb 30 colonel
right here so go ahead and scroll down
basically it gives you some information
about what it is and you have downloads
right here you're going to first need to
make sure you have the drivers i believe
it's keys on your on your pc so make
sure you download the drivers if you
don't have them already and then you can
download odin as well if you don't have
open i believe its version 1.85 right
here so download version 1.85 it's going
to be a zip file it's going to look like
this odin3 version 1.8 5 zip right there
so it's going to look like that i'm
going to click on it and as you can see
it's got a bunch of files in here i can
just go ahead and extract it i'm going
to hit extract 2 and you're going to
need either winzip winrar or 7zip to
open this file and extract it i'm going
to extract it i made a folder on my
desktop called Odin so I know where it's
at so if you need to just go ahead and
make a folder on your desktop called
Odin and I'm going to extract it to that
folder called Odin and hit okay so once
I go into that folder as you can see
Odin's in there on all those files on
there so just make sure you have all
those extracted into a folder and you're
also going to need to download this acs
eb 30 stock kernel pulled guitar so
you're going to need to download that it
looks like this right here just right
here I've have it on my desktop actually
a CS e be 30 stock kernel polled tar so
just
like it i'm going to put in my odin
folder so i'm going to have all that all
in my odin folder so go to it as you can
see Odin 3 and the stock kernel so those
are the only two files that you're going
to need so you can double click on Odin
now and open it on up allow it a user
account control hit yes and as you can
see this is what it looks like Odin
version odin3 version 1.85 right here
and now all you're going to have to do
is now you can go to your phone and
power it off I think it mines already
off so yeah go ahead and just power off
your epic touch 4G so make sure it's off
and then once it's off you can go to
your go-to Odin and make sure on the
left only auto reboot is checked that's
pretty key so make sure only auto
reboots check the whole time check the
PDA box right there make sure that's
checked and then click the PDA box as
you can see you're going to need to
navigate to wherever that Odin folder is
right here so Odin's right there so
right there Odin and then you're going
to need to go to the ACS EB 30 stock
kernel pulled so double click on that
and make sure that that is what's in the
PDA box so as you can see PVA ACS coat
stock kernel so right there make sure
that's in your PDA box and then once
your phone has powered off you're going
to need to go into Odin mode to do this
on the epic epic touch all you have to
do is press and hold the volume down and
power button at the same time you don't
need to press the home button as I
stated earlier sorry about that guys you
don't need to press that but go ahead
and just press volume down and power
button press and hold those together
just press and hold them until Odin mode
opens up and then once you do that your
phone is going to actually look like
this it says warning a custom ho s can
cause critical problems volume up
continued volume down cancel restart
phone so that's what your phone is going
to look like initially just hit volume
up press the volume up button on your
epic touch to continue Press that and
it's going to take you to this screen
right here it says downloading do not
turn off target so there you go on and
up here it says Odin mode it just gives
you some information about it being an
auto mode so make sure you're on this
screen right here downloading my samsung
epic looks a little different you need
to press a one button in power
to get into download mode so as you can
see this is what the epics download mode
looks like this is what your download
mode is going to look like so once you
had our in download mode you need to go
to up go back to Oden's to open odin
back up and as you can see just make
sure auto reboots only checked and make
sure you got that stock kernel in there
and go ahead and plug your epic touch
into your PC so go ahead and just plug
it on in and once it plugs in and Odin
it's actually gonna show up a yellow box
in under IV calm and it's going to say
calm and then a number disregard
whatever number it is it does not matter
it just as long as it says calm number
it lets you know that it recognizes your
phone so just make sure that it is
recognized by Odin and then once it is
recognized just go ahead and hit the
start button and then you're good to go
basically what this is going to do is
going to put the stock kernel back on
your phone as opposed to the rooted
colonel so it's going to get rid of
clockworkmod if you have that and get
rid of root access as well so there you
go that's how you put it back to stock
if you have flashed a rom on your epic
touch then you're going to need to
restore the nandroid backup you made
before you flash the rom too and then
follow this process so just a heads up
there but anyways um that's you're good
to go just at the start button and your
epic touch 4g will be back to stock if
you do run into any problems that all
have any questions feel free to ask
leave a comment so me a message I'll be
happy to help you out you can follow me
on twitter at qbking 77 all links are in
the description of the video I be sure
to subscribe to me as well for future
how-to videos and give this video a
thumbs up if you liked it and as always
thanks for watching I hope you guys
liked the video